# 42651 API/YAML: Continuous retries for software/script policy automations (#43894)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/REST API/rest-api.md

| script_id         | integer | body | _Available in Fleet Premium_. ID of script to run if the policy fails.                                                                 |
| labels_include_any      | array     | form | _Available in Fleet Premium_. Target hosts that have any label, specified by label name, in the array. |
| labels_exclude_any | array | form | _Available in Fleet Premium_. Target hosts that that don’t have any label, specified by label name, in the array. |

> | retry_automations | boolean | body | _Available in Fleet Premium_. If enabled, software and script automations will run every time Fleet receives a failing response from a host. If not, all automations run when a host's response changes from pass to fail. |

Author: ```suggestion
| continuous_automations | boolean | body | _Available in Fleet Premium_. If enabled, software and script automations will run every time Fleet receives a failing response from a host. If not, all automations run on a host's first failure, and when a host's response changes from pass to fail. |
```
